Create FAQ.md (#7954)
iptv-org/iptv: .readme/template.md

Links to other useful IPTV-related resources can be found in the [iptv-org/awesome-iptv](https://github.com/iptv-org/awesome-iptv) repository.

## FAQ

> Answers to the most popular questions you can find in the [FAQ.md](FAQ.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The answers to the most popular questions can be found in the [FAQ.md](FAQ.md) file.
```
